one of the most important goals of the
elite is to create a new monetary system
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you today a very quick
video to talk to you about a new
currency system first some
introduction this individual is from The
People's Bank of China the governor in
fact and he had a speech back in 20 9
following the financial crisis we need
to understand that the People's Bank of
China is obviously very integral to
supporting the global system with $3.2
trillion of Foreign Exchange reserves
they hold a lot of power so this is a
very uh lengthy speech that I'm not
going to get into the whole thing I just
wanted to cover one point and it seems
to be a central fact no pun intended
that these central banks are all saying
the same thing all these Bankers whether
it's from the biz which this happens to
be from this article or any other
banking establishment always saying the
same thing let's take some points from
this paragraph right here an
international Reserve currency should
first be anchored to a stable Benchmark
and issued according to a set of rules
therefore to ensure orderly
Supply its Supply should be oh I love
this one flexible enough to allow timely
adjustment according to the changing
demand that means essentially that we
can print money and we could reduce
interest rates third such adjustments
should be
disconnected from the economic
conditions and
economic conditions and Sovereign
interest of any single country the
acceptance of a credit-based national
currencies as a major International
Reserve currencies as in the case of the
current system is a special case in rare
history the crisis again calls for a
creative reform of the existing
international monetary system you know
after the Breton Woods after the
standard they want to go beyond that
towards an
international Reserve currency with a
stable value rule based in issuance and
manageable Supply Supply I think that
this is very
funny that they suggest that this will
be a good thing that this will stabilize
everything look all of the previous
monetary systems failed why why because
they want to have so much control over
it and it's always a failure every
single time and while this system is
able to cover itself
up there's
no escaping the pain as Nasim taleb
likes to say it's like putting novocaine
over you just cover up the pain and
that's what's happening right now the
elite have always wanted one Central
Bank one currency one Army one religion
and one government to rule them all if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs up last but not least
if you found the video informative I
know you will find my books the money
GPS and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative if you
want to flip through these books just go
over to Amazon they have a look inside
feature that will allow you to flip
through the pages of these books to see
if you like them take
care